I told Nian Nian
This job is up to you two
To be transferred to me
But the thought says
He's not a private person anymore.
So what you two old men said
He thought it was a fart.
Ok you miss
In our private room, Jinchen pregnant women have been raised for so many years
No return
How dare you be so presumptuous
No, I have to go find him
That's outrageous.
I'm also going to ask this thought in person.
My adoptive father
Whether he can still call the shots on his body
Comrade Su, you are here
The family really can't take out the bride price money.
Please give us a little longer to collect the money
We will definitely return the dowry money to you.
Uncle Xin
I'm not here about the bride price
To miss you
What do you miss him?
I should call you your parents that
You are Nian Nian
Nian Nian is back
A previous engagement
I went to Zhou's house that day
Nian Nian has promised to marry me
We're here today to discuss a marriage contract
I don't know anything
How can you say you are married when you get married?
It was one month ago.
Lin Sisi has already told me about the engagement
I'm coming.
Sisi told you
It doesn't matter.
I want to, but I can't
Only implicated you
If you don't want to marry Comrade Zhou
We will not marry
3,000 betrothal gifts can always be made up
No, I miss you, you must get married